Jobs API Quickstarts (#1056)
dapr/quickstarts: jobs/go/http/README.md

# Dapr Jobs

In this quickstart, you'll schedule, get, and delete a job using Dapr's Job API. This API is responsible for scheduling and running jobs at a specific time or interval.

> Visit [this](https://v1-14.docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/building-blocks/jobs/) link for more information about Dapr and the Job API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit [this](https://v1-14.docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/building-blocks/jobs/) link for more information about Dapr and the Jobs API.
```

> Visit [this](https://v1-14.docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/building-blocks/jobs/) link for more information about Dapr and the Jobs API.

Author: I discussed this with @msfussell. We should be ok, as there will be more updates other than this, ie: APIs that have alpha names will change eventually as well.

> **Note:** This example leverages HTTP `requests` only.  If you are looking for the example using the Dapr Client SDK (recommended) [click here](../sdk/).

This quickstart includes two apps:

- `job-scheduler.go`, responsible for scheduling, retrieving and deleting jobs.

> - `job-service.go`, responsible for handling the scheduled jobs.

Reviewer: This might be a bit clearer
```suggestion
- `job-service.go`, responsible for consuming the triggered jobs.
```
